I am really fucking pissed right now. I went through this process with you in the last version and it seems like major chunks of what we talked about are missing.
There was supposed to be a whole section on going through the prototype, walking through the happy path that you've created, and making sure that they're correct and refining that.
But that seems to be missing from it in a project that I'm working.
I don't know what the fuck is going on.
All right, this is the way I see it.
We start with oddboarding.
That's fine.
We go through the discovery, which I give you a bunch of documents or recordings.
You take those and you ask me questions.
If I don't give you any documents or recordings, you just simply ask me questions like we did before.
From there, we create our draft.
document. I think that process is good, but please double check it because at this point, I'm so,
things are so fucked up. I don't know what's going on. We then go through a refinement of that
document where I answer your gaps that you find or the concerns that you have, things that you've put
into that draft document. The result of that refinement.
is a version one of this document.
After that, I can run it through a validation, which would either you or a third party would be doing the validation,
and you would then look through the documents created from that validation and run me through
another series of interviews, which, by the way, that's the way refinement was supposed to work, too,
series of interviews.
You would run me through it through it.
series of interviews for the validation, and then we would come up with the next version of
this. Now, the validation can be skipped. It's not required. Now, so far as I know, that's working,
but again, I don't know. I haven't actually tried that one yet on a project. After the validation,
then we run the prototype. You create the prototype. From the prototype, you have a happy
path that you've created, one or multiple, and then we go through that.
together where you step me through what I'm supposed to be clicking on, and I tell you whether or not
it worked or not or whether I want changes at that step. After that, then we make any other further
updates to the document that we need to, and you take that document and what we went through with the
prototype, and we create the skills. This is, and that skills, I'm sorry, we create the issues in GitHub.
Now, this is where I'm not skills. I'm sorry, we create the issues in GitHub. Now, this is where I'm
not sure where this is going, and I've already asked you that question, we're supposed to go through
that, this iteration. Once we've created those issues, and I've approved that those issues have
been made, and I don't have any extra issues that need to be added, then we run the build loop
where you loop through the issues in groups of milestones, pushing that each issue up to the
repository as you created it into a separate branch. The branch would be about the milestone. So
before the milestone, once you're done with your milestone, then you would do a PR back, I think,
unless we decided that we're going to do it per issue, which is fine. But, you know, do you need to
figure that part out too. Once we're through that loop and I sign off on the whole thing, then we're
we're done. And one of the things that I'm wanting to work with you here to make some further
updates is so that we can come back through and do this discovery stuff all over again, but not
necessarily need to run the prototype because not don't need to run a prototype every single time
I'm doing something. So we're making the prototype optional. But I'm just, I'm so frustrated with this
whole process right now. I really need to get this right.