I'm going to record myself rambling on a little bit about the things that I want to do for the discovery for this plugin.
First off, it is still suggesting that I use clear in between commands,
which was something that I was pretty sure we had decided against,
and I would like for you to check the stuff that you just archive,
the most recent archives, to see if that was in there,
because that was supposed to be something from what I understood.
But we were getting rid of that, and it's still there.
Also making sure that the context checker is not there.
I haven't seen it yet, but just want to make sure that that got removed.
Second thing that I want to discuss about this is that I realize that this is going through a process.
Excuse me, let me rephrase that.
The process that we designed is one design.
designed around getting a prototype and then continuing on from that prototype.
And I was just thinking, it's like, there's going to be cases where there's already a working system
and I'm just making some tweaks.
You know, like maybe I, for example, have a website that is already done and the client wants some tweaks made to the website.
I don't need to go through a prototype process with that.
So I'm thinking that I'd like to make the prototype an opportunity,
thing as well, that we can skip past that if it's not needed and go right to the development.
I want to discuss as to whether or not we would need any extra sets of questions if we skip the prototype
or if we should be able to just skip it and continue right to the creating of the tickets
and development. Furthermore, it comes to the tickets.
I had some ideas on how I wanted the tickets to be made and when I wanted those tickets to be made.
But now as I'm looking through the process, I'm not sure if that was captured properly or not.
When, let's discuss, when are the tickets being made right now?
At what step do we make, start making tickets in GitHub?
And then I just want to make sure that that step is properly
hashed out. It might be okay the way it is, and I've just haven't gotten to that point yet,
because I haven't actually fully tested this yet since we made the most recent version.
But these are some tweaks I want to make to this. I do not want this to be a whole new version.
So this should be like, I think we're at version 4.0, so this would be an update to make it 4.1
because I think these are more tweaks to the process that we're creating, not a whole new version.
I'm trying to think that there's anything else.
No, that's it for now.